between the flared up skin of my face—the color of embarassment—and the black markers on my face that made me look like a jungle boy, i attempted to find that little breeze of wind that would allow me to go back to where I was sixteen hours before, far more than just sober. images in the darkness of the bathroom overcrowd my search, images that weighted more than a thousand memories and overshone all. these images of shame, images that i stand inside an art gallery, attempting to understand why the artist of the late night had created such images, why the magic exilir of alcohol has made that artist into a creature whose sole resolve is to dismay me into an ocean of perpetual shame that bit like dried salt on the flesh hours after an overextended swim in the torrential ocean. 

as the drinks came, as the women came, having put on themselves dresses that were more of pillow sacks than evening gowns,  i stopped reeling and began seeking—where did these memories go? as more drinks i had in me, i could see less and instead of images, there were starling, unworn by sun, outlines of frames that had finally been unhung. these outlines weighted more than the ones that were still hung. 

between the reminisence of vagrant drinking and the feel-good film of alcohol and busy, fervent celebration made in the overly-rushed and Frat House daft mindlessness, vignettes of smiles, cleavages jiggling as women, with these half-drunk, half-intentioned smirks, walked on high heels, a skill that has never been mastered with the telltale shaky wobbling that the feet hit the linoleum. 

i knew this cheap celebration was dirty cheap, purchasable within one stop at a superwalmart, but it was in this cheapness I wanted to revile, to find depth within, to hope the little glittery circle underneath a clear puddle under a rainy day was gold. that was all it was: hoping. hoping. honing for the ulimate prize—not the ultimate price—of hope.  was the skill that we all had mastered as we followed rules, as we typed these essays, as we looked in the air, searching for that one story, even if caked with falseness, to bring hope. we wanted to be hope embodied. 

we held beers in our hands as if they were bibles, the women and the men, oh, we all, oh, how we all.  we all spoke the same chant, all filled with one thing: hoping. we hopin' for some good, fine fun somewhere. in the air there's teh same chant, and it's all made with prayers we do with our drinks, sipping off the nectar of god, hopin' that being drunk enough, that being entertained enough would bring us to a magical place that is  as decorated as Jesus' final breath on the crucifix, please take me, please take me. 

we are told good things happen to those who hope, to those who pray, that success is guaranteed for those who work hard and hope enough. enough was it.  

boys with bellies filled with discarded hope sit with their heads restin' on cheap craigslist couches, their mouths open, yellin' where are you, where are you, where's the good things that were promised to me. There are no women walking around with overnight mascara. There are no panties. There are only men with so much discardity. They are raped, they wake up — I know nobody says this — feeling empty, they wake up with very little cash left in their pockets and their suits are ruined and heavily tattered.  wrinled suits are accepted everywhere, sometimes hired. Did you have fun last night? oh yeah oh yeah yet i saw in their eyes there was still hopin' for a good sweet surprise, a small magical moment where they can just forget they are men. 

i cannot get to that place of hope: i feel even more englufed by darkness, by the pitch blackness of my windowless bathroom, when the florescent flickers a few times, stretching, before it turns on. the face is enough, but my dignity is gone because all the money i had invested in making sure i would come out of this shitty bullshit corporate education ponzzit scheme alive, which was a handheld vaporizer in the shape of a wooden-ceramic pipe, was in ashes. while others were in their pursuit of finding more hope before the night expired away with declining, sobering up, and small fridges ran out of beer, it was destroyed, trampled upon too many times with careless lighting and exhaling and inhaling. my little darling of a vaporizer was dead in my hands and that was all the hope i needed to wash off the secret filth of overhoping. i looked up and washed all of that off my face with the white dress shirt from last night still on, rendered unusable and diposable with my collar zigagged with markers that lined up with the markers people had made down my neck, abruptly ending where the collar began. with my shirt off, the streaks become a fence, stopping in a very unnaturally straight line around my neck. 

where is my pipe i dont know did you smoke i didn't somebody told me you smoked a light tan wooden pipe last night and you put markers on my face no i didnt do the markers i just watched why did you just watch why didnt you do something i did smoke it i remember now well why dont you pay me $75 for ruining it well others smoked too but that doesnt make it right it doesnt mean you are exused from you rtomfollery but buddy i don t have money you spent $200 on premium white tshirt and wine and good food last night and you tell me you dont hve money? yeah you got hthat right b/c nothing's going to arrive i know everyhting arrives on the first but that doesnt mean you can just not handle the situation until that day well i'm not going to handle this at all man you are a crook do you know that well fuck you dont go around telling me because you got so fucking drunk last night i think that just about gives anyone who's midlely annoyed by your continual drunkness some kind of permission to seek some remedial remedial through destruction? im not going to pay for it but pillars of fiery nerve tunnels run through me, the energy of a thousand bullets shot from an automatic rifle, the energy of thousands bullets escaping out of the torsos of men, the collective pool of vibration of men shreeching the final air they had in their bodies as they fell to the ground without flinching, i yelled and yelled until i became so dizzy in the darkness i fell to the cheap tile floor with my body trembling in what do you call this pain, this inability to tap into the little happy world of this? 

i remember slapping women i remember feeling lousy the morning after, washing my penis again and again, trying to shave whatever i had left of that woman, of the woman i thought i had raped but it was all conseual still i feel as if i raped her so i wash myself i scrub until the 'manly' scrubber plastic grass hurts my back so much i stop because how can i apologize when i am in pain, how can i wake up to a bright morning if all of the days i spend thinking about the fantasy of the nihght and learning about the word kitsch but never being able to apply it because how can a fish apply the word water iwhen its living in it all the time just like how dfw told the kids about that story you know there is water around us just that we dont recognize it it's the magic of consumer culture the magc that people have designed into the grocery shelves on wich vegetables and fruits rot and are diposed to landscapes even though they could have been given to the homeless to fill thestomaches that it could change the lives of but no they decided to leave these fruits to rot because they had price tags because they had the luxury of price tags we cannot handle the very idea that there can be frush that there can be unfresh, that there are laws we will never hve control over, the law of death, the law of decay. i nap as i remain borderline awake, staring at that natural florscent bulb shaped of illumination at the bottom of the door leading to the little suits of my dorm room. 

i woke up in the corner of the entrance. i remember making a home out of the underneath of the branch. i remember waking up against the fury the kind you could feel the kind your heart chuckles and gasp, the kind you startle as a ball of wind passes you in the pitch blackness, the creeping of the air conditioner's drawl onto your skin as you attempt to sleep. her boss had found me. my darling had to get me up and bring me. 

door is kept on banging and i am in the cold water bath and i can feel the banging. i lay paralyzed like a water lily, please go away please go away there is a thousand bathrooms in the 1 mile radius of where i am and you dont need to walk in i stare at the darkness attempting to find that one colorful leaf that one little thing that would tell me all of this is a dream that i will not have to face the light of the day where i must keep my mouth closed because i am afraid i smell like alcohol, like the beast itself, and i am afraid people will yell at me you were so drunk last night i am the most afraid that i will again dream the same dream and i will again become a victim of my thirst, of my inability to feel because i have spent so many years desentizing myself so many years and now not just my heart but my whole soul is pink and raw, pink and raw and battered with the grueling black of bruises where is the detour i had taken, where did i take it, the path filled with discarded emotions, gallons of used up beer, and they all are on the shelves and they are resold and they are resold and they are resold. i am resold to myself, i am taught to pick on an open wound, to pick on the scab that i have learned to live with, the bloody infection of conumerism but i can't stop b/c when i stop i just feel nothing all is empty the space isn't filled with the transparent eyeball emerson's always telling everybody about it's not filled with the magical thrill that you feel when you think of tigers in anicent jungles with ancient rocks that are more than anicent than you can ever fathom it's not filled with the sunshine that covers your tv with ads with these floating hair giggling teeth biting lips cute hands on bare legs and lens flares, where sun seems to bleed into the tv. there's no happiness in supermarkets. except little pieces of adrenaline that shake up my body like how a vacuum powerign up does with your hand, the tiny cracker of panic in me. i feel these little bite sized pieces of happiness as my brain processes stimuli I've become accustomed to accepting as the ultimate signal of happiness, as doorways to dopamine. haven't you ever noticed dopamine and dope[^dope=weed] (and I mean the generative term, the nonspecificed dope, not the dope you use in "shootin' up dope") are spelled the same way? it's strange, isn't it? i bet you probably the people who claimed the name dope probably had knew about dopamine beforehand. but it doesnt matter who knows what b/c everybod is affected generously by all of these well-designed placards made of cardboard hung to the acoustic ceiling tiles almost a mile high. dopamine comes to me like bubbles of butter that seem to burst in your mouth as you eat buttery popcorn. i walk around the main loop of the store, about 15 tiles wide, and i grab glances at the clothes. i take the time to make sure the women feel uncomfortable because i'm there in the brassire asile i'm touching these brassires i have a hard time believing that there will be beautifully genetically designed globs of mammary tissue & fat filling all of these materials in the store. every time i walk though the womens' asiles — even walking on those secondary paths that's about 9 tiles wide — i feel as if i have to exhale, inhale, hold my breath like i'm going for a dip in water, the kind where you have to exhale a bit so you're relaxing and your feet is feeling the slow descent downards "12 FEET", the pool subfloor. I'm not sure why i feel this panic but i still feel it anyway and i'm sure women can feel it (99% sure b/c they're looking at me again and again as i attempt to forget that i'm putting myself in the deep end of the female clothing pool by letting my hands touch the silky little things hanging from the asiles' endstands. even when i console myself and remind myself that this is novice, child's play compared to the real thing, the real inhaling & descending to the deepest end of the pool, and stop myself from touching anything, women still look at me .

it's like i'm a drug-dealer and they're just apartment tenants staring out of their windows holding dear to their dogs and their husbands, truly believing that these two things can protect them from me, the unidentified 'stranger' of the complex at the moment. 

all paths lead to nowhere and nowhere leads to all paths. 

hallmark cards before me and men stare down as they touch, open, and return the cards. men sitting on what looks like oversized ottomans the size and height of a coffee table, bags beneath them, between their legs, like a dog afraid. men who snap like gay (not necessarily homosexual) are the only ones around, still standing. men with arms the size of plump teenager white female thigh hold tiny phones whose AMOLED, HIDEF, DEEP COLOR QUALITY, 1080p Gorilla Glass grow tenacles made of light and shoot a trillion volts into the eyeballs of the men whose fingers is promoting the ever-transisent show. the fancy phones transform before my eyes into little portable hookers, personal-sized seducers, busty escorts, all of whose purpose is only to distract, to bring a sense that there is a buoy in that deep sea of sleeping beasts, where minnows in shape of cash and debit seem to be the bait. 

it is a walk-through ochestra. the toy aisle seem to be missing the colorfulness i remember them when i was a kid. why do everything have to be wrapped in plastic? even the colors of clothes seem different. all of the clothes that i buy and bring home never hold the color i saw them on hangers. everything in this storre was made in china. i imagine a store in china looking exactly like wht i'm seeing, only all uncolored and a warning sign across the wall, "for practice only, not an actual supermarket." i imagine the store being transported with the employers standing by the cashiers as the entire store is shipped to where I am. i hold the fabric, i stroke it, i say thank you because how many have thanked the skilled hands that had sewn these? how many have made time to think how immense the entire system is, to think how the world has become a large ball with yarn strung everywhere like your grandma''s yarn ball, with far more complexity than you rgrandmother would ever handle, with more logic than any engineering mind can ever contain? the fabrics are from a foreign land, this entire illusion is made in china, as if china was the graphics chip for the whole thing that i live with here, manifesting the entire massive structure of stores, phones, bathrooms, wifi, food, soaps, landuromats, cars, buttons, rubber,. 

as i walk, as people see me, as people stare me, as people stand lost in the end of their lives, in the end of the synapses that had brought them to, as they loiter their eyes and hands across these price tags, inventions that have no purpose beyond this bubble of mirrors smokes and electronic magic, i begin to see that i am one cell in this grand ball of a brain. this earth has become a brain because thre is so many of us an we have bevome looud enough.....


[^dope=weed]: weed. marijuana. fat buds, green and yellow enmeshed with orange dust — imagine paprika, just a bit more orange like Ron Weasley's red hair. ganija. Juana. Mary Jane. the pleasant definiton, not being stoned at. the substance that gets you so fucking roofed up you just sit by the vending machine and you begin asking yourself where are the coins where did you put the coins? the cafeteria becomes a heaven but aftermath you are too tired to remember anything so you sleep but you have a hard time sleeping b/c no car in the world is supposed to park in the middle of its 120 mph speeding venture b/c that wld just destroy the pistons and the axle will have a good chance of blowing out, moving abruptly 90 degrees counterclockwise (think the minute hand having been on the :45 or 9 and abruptly is winded backwards by a robot, moving to the :30 or 6 position) due to the policy of gravity & acceleration, the rubber of the right tire forces the path of the axle towards you, and once the tread of the rubber is perpendicular to the moving asphalt, the tire becomes the anvil bottom and drives the free, wild axle towards you and you know what happens next pretty much smashing any living chance you'd have on winning the lottery unless you mean the lottery of death b/c that's the one lottery that everybody wins, some earlier than others. so that's why i don't go to sleep aftewards, i just wait until it's safe to brake, i just wait until my brain's not running around my soul like a tetherball freshly hit by a gaunt set of junior high arms. 